What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a git repository a hidden folder is created that keeps track of all the changes 
and commits.



How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value 
do you think it offers?

The staging area is place where you prepare all the material you are going to commit. That way a commit
remains a logical unit, only commiting what is a logical change.



How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

To keep one commit per logical change you may sometimes have to commit more than one modified file at
a time. When you are done making the changes to a file you can add it to the staging area. Once you
have enough updated files for a logical commit in the staging area you are good!



What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How 
would branches help?

Branches can help you experiment with things such as a new feature or languages. It doesn't even have to
be an experiment. If you think of a couple of things at the same time and want to be working on them 
in paralel you can create a couple of branches and merge them to the master once you are done. Also,
branches are awesome for coop work.



How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Drawing diagrams helps you keep track of the tree like structure of the project: some commits belong
to branches that cannot be reached from other branches. Also, some commits are not reachable through
ANY other commit (in the detached head state).



What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

By merging two branches together you combine the changes done in one branch with the changes done in 
another branch. It also makes all commits not done in the master branch to be reachable through the
master. The way we represent it is pretty self explanatory, a branch "branches off", 
some commits are made on it, and then it merges with another branch.



What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git does a pretty good job at merging branches when obvious changes have been made, such as adding
or removing a line. When it detects a conflict, for example when both branches have two different
versions of a line of code, git let's you know so that you can resolve the conflict yourself, it 
does not do it automatically, which, even though it may take more time than if git figured it out
on its own (somehow), it could potentially cause a lot of trouble.